Change: Improve feed sync documentation for source build (#173)
greenbone/docs: src/common/source-build/feed-sync.rst

Performing a Feed Synchronization
=================================

For the actual vulnerability scanning, :term:`Vulnerability Test scripts<VT>`,
security information like :term:`CVEs <CVE>`, port lists and scan configurations
are required. All this data is provided by the :term:`Greenbone Community Feed`

> and should to be download initially before starting the services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and should be downloaded initially before starting the services.
```

A synchronization always consists of two parts:

1. Downloading the changes via :command:`rsync`

> 2. The changes get loaded into memory and a database by a daemon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Loading the changes into memory and a database by a daemon
```
